Blogpost: Add post about enhancements on kubernetes release team (#318)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2022/2022-07-25-enhancing-kubernetes-one-kep-at-a-time/index.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Enhancing Kubernetes one KEP at a Time"

> date: 2022-07-25

Reviewer: I'll take the liberty of bumping the publication date.
@rhockenbury, for this blog we usually _omit_ the publication date from the filename (it's not a strong convention). For a single-file article we usually wouldn't have that as a single Markdown file too - no directory.

We can merge this as-is and fix those details later as they have no impact on the published article.

```suggestion
date: 2022-08-11
```

This part of the cycle is typically the busiest for the enhancements subteam because of the large number of KEPs to groom, and each KEP might need to be visited multiple times to verify whether it meets requirements.

#### Code Freeze

Code freeze is the implementation deadline for all enhancements. The code must be implemented, reviewed, and merged by this point if a code change or update is needed for the enhancement. The latter third of the release is focused on stabilizing the codebase - fixing flaky tests, resolving various regressions, and preparing docs - and all the code needs to be in place before those steps can happen.

The enhancements subteam verifies that all PRs for an enhancement are merged into the [Kubernetes codebase](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) (k/k). During this period, the subteam reaches out to KEP authors to understand what PRs are part of the KEP, verifies that those PRs get merged, and then updates the status of the KEP. The enhancement is removed from the release if the code isn't all merged before the code freeze deadline.

## How can I get involved with the release team?

> I'm glad you asked. The most direct way is to apply to be a [release team shadow](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/release-team/shadows.md). The shadow role is a hands-on entry-level position intended to prepare individuals for leadership positions on the release team. Many shadow roles are non-technical and do not require prior contributions to the Kubernetes codebase.

Reviewer 2: suggestion as "entry-level position" conveys employment even though the everyone on the release team are volunteers

```suggestion
I'm glad you asked. The most direct way is to apply to be a [release team shadow](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/release-team/shadows.md). The shadow role is a hands-on apprenticeship intended to prepare individuals for leadership positions on the release team. Many shadow roles are non-technical and do not require prior contributions to the Kubernetes codebase.
```

Author: Ah, good callout.  Will update.
